This project was designed to be simple and clean with the intention of focusing on the tutorial and teaching process.  No stack was listed so it was kept very basic and uses only CSS, HTML, and JS.  JavaScript in this project was left in the main file because it was a small project that didn't require much but if the project were to grow a separate script file would be used.  Only images and colors provided within the initial project brief have been included in this project.

Because this is a single page, the navigation links direct to different sections within the page.  The initial checklist is kept straightforward, no images are used so those that want the most basic instructions can have the easy checklist and can dive right in.  A slideshow is next, the slide number is in the top left and navigation options are to use the dots on the bottom (which also highlight which the active slide) or the arrows on the left and right of the images. Finally, the drag and drop section uses the same images to keep consistency throughout but also provides the written directions below each image to ensure clarity for users and eliminate a need to go back to the slideshow and see which direction matches to the images.  When an image is dragged it is only allowed to drop on its correct position within the drop zones, if it is dragged to the incorrect position the drop will not be allowed and the user can try again.  Once the image is placed on the correct spot it will lock in so users cannot accidentally move or shuffle correct pieces.
